Jiang Mian, why haven’t you rested yet?
He quickly helped his cousin back to his room to rest.
Oh oh oh. I was half asleep,
Woke up and found that my wife was not around,
I went out to look for him and it was fine.
I just heard you seem to be saying that Jiangbei Prison is the same.
Why, my aunt is interested in going to jail in the past two days.
Look what you said, it was just a casual chat,
Only then did I find out that Miss Shen's parents were being held there.
Just in time, these two days,
I asked Lao Feng to talk to their director about something.
I believe what I told you,
They shouldn't be disrespectful.
That's when you opened your mouth
How could something happen to Miss Shen’s parents?
one more thing
Her name is not Miss Shen
she is my wife
Aunt can call her niece-in-law
Or call her "Mrs. Jiang is in trouble"
Call and go to Japan immediately
Call Yaoyao back
She is very expensive
No matter how expensive it is, call her back.
If not, the Jiang family will be turned upside down by this man surnamed Shen.